BZ1998059: Adding parameters to ingress controller (#53441)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-ingress-controller-configuration-parameters.adoc

|`httpErrorCodePages`
|`httpErrorCodePages` specifies custom HTTP error code response pages. By default, an IngressController uses error pages built into the IngressController image.

|`httpCaptureCookies`
|`httpCaptureCookies` specifies HTTP cookies that you want to be captured in access logs. If the `httpCaptureCookies` field is empty, the access logs do not capture the cookies. 

For any cookie that you want to capture, the following parameters must be in your `IngressController` configuration:

* `name` specifies the name of the cookie.
* `maxLength` specifies tha maximum length of the cookie.
* `matchType` specifies if the field `name` of the cookie exactly matches the capture cookie setting or is a prefix of the capture cookie setting. The `matchType` field uses the `Exact` and `Prefix` parameters.

For example: 
[source,yaml]
----
  httpCaptureCookies:
  - matchType: Exact
    maxLength: 128
    name: MYCOOKIE
----

|`httpCaptureHeaders`

> |`httpCaptureHeaders` specifies the HTTP headers that you want to be captured in access logs. If the `httpCaptureHeaders` field is empty, the access logs do not capture the headers. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`httpCaptureHeaders` specifies the HTTP headers that you want to capture in access logs. If the `httpCaptureHeaders` field is empty, the access logs do not capture the headers. 
```

> `httpCaptureHeaders` contains two lists of headers to be captured in the access logs. The two list of header fields are `request` and `response`. In both lists, the header name must be specified with the `name` field and the maximum length of the header must be specified with the `maxlength` field. For example:

Reviewer: more opportunities to reduce past tense:
```suggestion
`httpCaptureHeaders` contains two lists of headers to capture in the access logs. The two lists of header fields are `request` and `response`. In both lists, the `name` field must specify the header name and the `maxlength` field must specify the maximum length of the header. For example:
```
